Fix broken links in documentation (#1394)
input-output-hk/mithril: docs/website/root/mithril/mithril-network/aggregator.md

:::tip

> The Mithril aggregator's **REST API** documentation can be found [here](/openapi-ui).

Reviewer: This is probably the correct link :slightly_smiling_face: 
```suggestion
The Mithril aggregator's **REST API** documentation can be found [here](/doc/aggregator-api).
```
